O6 HOW TO PLAY THE GAME
each day to do a few small things that can change your life in the long run.
None of these assignments requires much more than an hour, so even if you're
working three jobs, you should still be able to do them all. In a pinch, you can
always save time by cutting back on all that energy wasted desiring women
from afar (in men's magazines, on TV shows, in the street, on the Internet) and
instead learning what it takes to have them in your life.
Though the Challenge is designed to be completed alone. if you're the type
of person v, ho's motivated by communicating with others on the same path,
optional discussion boards are available at www.stylelife.comichallenge. You
can post all questions, adventures, sticking points, and successes there. My
trained coaches, your fellow Challengers, and 1 will be there to help you, In
addition, you'll find video and audio examples demonstrating some of these
exercises and approaches. Note that all the additional tools provided to supple-
ment this book are free.
How to Win the Game
You win when, at any point between Day I and Day 30. you get a date.
A date is defined as a planned second encounter with a woman you have
just met.
For example, if you approach a woman at a bar, exchange phone numbers,
and meet her far coffee two days later, that is a date.
If you talk to a woman at the mall and arrange to meet that night at a bar,
and she shows up specifically to see you, that is a date. Even if you don't ex-
change phone numbers.
Basically, any scenario where you approach a woman and she agrees to see
you at a later date or time—and shows up—constitutes a date.
Once you get a date, feel free to put your name in the winner's circle at
www.stylelife.cornichallenge and share your story. If you win before the thirty
days are up, feel free to continue the Challenge and carry out the daily mis-
sions for the remainder of the month. They'll only further enhance your confi-
dence and game.
When you're ready to receive your first mission, turn the page and begin the
Stylelife Challenge.
Enjoy. and play fair.
STYLELIFE
CHALLENGE
DAILY MISSIONS
DAY
MISSION 1: Evaluate Yourself
Fitness programs require you to weigh in on the first day. Financial plans ask
for a list of your assets and debts. So to revamp your social life. you'll need to
make a social assessment of yourself.
Your first mission is to write answers to the following questions. Don't worry
about what anyone else will think of your answers. Your goal is to be as honest
with yourself as possible.
1. Write one or two sentences describing how you believe other people
currently perceive you.
2. Write one or two sentences describing how you'd like to be per-
ceived by others
3. List three of your behaviors or characteristics you would like to
change,
DAY 1 C)
4. List three new behaviors or characteristics you would like to adopt.
MISSION 2: Read and Eestroy
Before moving on to your first field assignment. its necessary to eliminate any
self-sabotaging beliefs that you may have about interacting with women. Your
next task is to read the manifesto titled "The Chains That Bind," included at
the end of today's assignments in the Day Briefing.
MISSION 3: Operation Small Talk
Your first field assignment: Make small talk with five strangers today.
It doesn't matter whether they're male or female, young or old, Friendly or
unfriendly. The stranger can be a businessman in the street. an old lady in the
supermarket line, a hostess at a restaurant, or a homeless person.
The goal is simply to start a conversation, with no intent other than filling in
the silence with a question or pleasantry. The conversation doesn't have to
progress beyond a comment and a response.
If idle chatter doesn't come naturally to you, scan news headlines before
you leave the house. Small-talk topics include:
■ Weather: 'It's beautiful out today. Too bad we're stuck inside."
■ Sports: "Did you catch the game last night% I couldn't be-
lieve it."
11 Current events: "Did you hear that What are they going
to think of next?"
■ Entertainment: "Have you seen the new movie yet? I
wonder if it's any good."
Remember: The answer doesn't matter. Whether you receive a long story or
a cursory grunt in response, you've completed the mission simply by opening
your mouth and speaking to a stranger.
0 THE STYLELIFE CHALLENGE
DAY I BRIEFING
THE CHAINS THAT BIND
When it came to meeting women, my biggest enemy was me.
I used to look at myself—five foot six, scrawny. bald. and big nosed—and
think there was no way I could compete with all the tali, good-looking guys out
there. I was so unhappy that l considered plastic surgery.
But once I started approaching women in streets, bars, clubs, and cafes. I
discovered that looks don't matter nearly as much as I'd thought. As long as 1
was well groomed. all I needed in order to attract just about anyone I wanted
was the right personality
Although it's a dubious achievement to be named in the media as the best
pickup artist in the world, one thing it taught me was that I didn't need to
change the way I looked. I was doing just fine. In fact, I usually had it easier
than big, muscular, square-jawed male models because 1 was much less threat-
ening and intimidating. 1 could come in under the radar. In the end, then, my
problem wasn't my looks, but my limiting beliefs about my looks.
A limiting belief is something that you believe about yourself, other people,
or the world—and although it isn't actually laic, the fact that you think it is
holds you back from experience and success. Any time you tell yourself you
"can't" do something that's within the realm of human possibility—that's a lim-
iting belief.
Dispelling limiting beliefs is very easy: just ask yourself, - Was there ever a
ti me when . and insert your limiting belief. For example, if you believe that
you get uncomfortable around beautiful women, ask yourself. "Was there ever
a time when I was comfortable around a beautiful woman?" Name just one
ti me, and you've disproved your limiting belief.
Nearly everyone is held back by some limiting belief, whether he's con-
scious of it or not. So before I send you running around the streets talking to
strangers, let's clear the air and dispel a few of the most common limiting be-
liefs about dating.
LIMITING BELIEF: If I talk to her, shell ignore me—or, even worse, say
something mean that will embarrass me.
REALITY: Here's something that may surprise you: The harder it is for you
to approach women, the less likely it is that you'll be rudely rejected.
DAY 1
Why is that Because most people have been raised to he courteous and po-
lite, unless they feel threatened—and a shy guy isn't too likely to intimidate any -
one. The worst thing that's likely to happen is the woman will politely say she's
having a private conversation, or simply excuse herself to go to the bathroom.
Playing negative what-if scenarios in your head is detrimental to your emotional
health. Instead, get out of the house and start approaching women, and you'll
discover that most of the things you imagine going wrong will never happen.
LIMITING BELIEF: People are looking at me, judging me, or making
fun of me.
REALITY: This is half right. People may notice you. but they're not neces-
sarily judging you—most of them are too busy worrying about what other people
are thinking of them. Once you realize that most people are just like you—and
that they're actually seeking your approval—you'll start to become socially fear-
less.
Besides, most bystanders who see you approach a girl or a group assume
that you know the people. So act like you do. Not only will it ease your worries
about what everyone else is thinking, but it'll also make your approach more
effective.
LIMITING BELIEF: Women aren't attracted to nice guys. They like
jerks.
REALITY: This is one of the oldest myths about dating. And, fortunately.
its inaccurate. The dating dichotomy isn't actually between nice guys and
mean guys. or good buys and had boys. It's between weak guys and strong guys.
Women are drawn to men who demonstrate strength—not necessarily physi-
cal strength, but the ability to make them feel safe. So if you're a nice guy. you
can still he nice. But you must also he strong.
However, make sure you know what nice means. Most guys who define
themselves as "too nice' only behave nicely because they want everybody to
like them and don't want anyone to think badly of them. So. if this is you. get
off your nice high horse. Don't mistake being fearful and weak-minded for
being nice.
LIMITING BELIEF: I'm not good - looking, rich, or Famous enough to be
with a beautiful woman.
IZ THE STYLELIFE CHALLENGE
REALITY: There are plenty of rock stars and multimillionaires who have the
exact same problems with women that you do. I know because I've coached
many of them. And, in the process, I learned that money, looks, and fame—
while they certainly make things much easier—aren't actually necessary. Fortu-
nately for men, the way we look doesn't matter nearly as much as how we
present ourselves. And this requires only good grooming, and clothing that con-
veys an attractive identity. When it comes to wealth and fame, simply displaying
the desire and ability to achieve them can be just as powerful. Like talent scouts,
many women are attracted to men with goals and potential. And in the next ten
days, we'll be sharpening your appearance. goals, and perceived potential.
LIMITING BELIEF: There's this one girl ...
REALITY: There are many incredible women in this world. If you're hung
up on one particular girl you just can't get out of your mind—and she hasn't
given you any sense that she shares the feelings—then recognize that's not love
you're feeling, but obsession. And that obsession is likely to scare her away.
The best thing you can do for yourself and for her is to go out and interact with
as many women as possible, until you realize that there are plenty of people out
there for you—some of whom are capable of recognizing your worth and recip-
rocating your feelings.
LIMITING BELIEF: Some guys are born with the ability to charm
women. Other guys just don't have it and never will.
REALITY: Fortunately, there is a third type of guy; one who can learn it.
That's me, And once you understand bow attraction works and have a few suc-
cessful approaches under your belt, it'll be you too. Any problems you may cur-
rently he having aren't the result of who you are but of what you're doing and
how you're presenting yourself. Those problems can he fixed easily with the right
knowledge and a little practice. If you stick with the program after the Chal-
lenge, you'll even start doing better than the so-called naturals you once envied.
LIMITING BELIEF: All I have to do is "be myself," and eventually I'll
meet the right woman who likes me For me.
REALITY: This works only if you know exactly who you are, what your
strengths are, and how to convey them successfully. Most often, this statement
is used as an excuse not to improve. What most of us present to the world isn't
1 BAY 1
necessarily our true self: It's a combination of years of bad habits and fear-
based behavior. Our real self ties buried underneath all the insecurities and
inhibitions. So rather than just being yourself. focus on discovering and perma-
nently bringing to the surface your best self.
r
LIMITING BELIEF: To figure out what women want, just ask them.
REALITY: This may be true sometimes, but not as often as many people
think. It wasn't until I started trying behaviors that seemed counterintuitive
that I discovered a key principle of the game: What women want isn't neces-
sarily what they respond to. Furthermore. what women say they want may he
what they want in a relationship. but it isn't always what attracts them during
the courtship period. That said. most women will give you the information you
need to attract them, but its usually found between the lines.
LIMITING BELIEF: If I approach a woman, she'll know I'm hitting on
her and think I'm lame.
REALITY: This is only partially true—women think this only when men
approach them bral/y. This includes men who make them uncomfortable, creep
them out, or seem to have an agenda. The biggest mistake a man can make
with a woman is hitting on her before she's attracted to him. And though this
describes the so-called technique of most men, its a mistake you'll avoid if you
follow your daily missions. Few women will resent meeting someone who is
warm, funny sincere. interesting, engaging, makes them feel comfortable, and
isn't going to stick around talking their ear off.
LIMITING BELIEF: Women don't like sex as much as men do. They're
mostly interested in having a relationship.
REALITY: If you believe that, you haven't spent enough time around women.
Here are a few facts that may help dispel that belief: It's women, rarely men,
who have an organ solely made for sexual pleasure: the clitoris, which has twice
as many nerve endings as a man's entire penis. And its women, not men, whose
orgasms can last minutes or longer. Most men have just one orgasm and then
lose their arousal: most women can have orgasm after orgasm and many dif-
ferent types: clitoral, vaginal, blended, full-body, and psycholagnic look it up).
In short, good sex is even better for women than it is far us. So doesn't it
make sense that they want it more?
